hey hey bumbaclot how are you doing
llegue good just wouldn't say i'm i'm a
tad pissed off at my school teachers at
school simply because you know they've
been think quite annoying have basically
experienced some arguments with my
school teachers i don't think i'm the
only one that's ever been in those sort
of arguments i believe that some of you
guys have been in some of these
arguments so roll the arguments thing
nah i was argument is that all to your
question and that's that was so for
agree on why weren't you in yesterday
those who know you will way you but why
didn't you call in bed yeah I'm
daydreaming argument find out the square
root aundi AA tella why are you
daydreaming um nah I didn't do my
homework argument Georgia just got your
home admin right here so it's all right
chatham yeah I didn't receive your
homework oh sorry sir I I don't have it
oh so I know you guys really agree with
those arguments and I'm glad that you do
you know they always win those arguments
school teachers always win however
because I've been pissed off recently
I've sort of worked out some ways of
winning those arguments I planned out
some ways of counteracting those
arguments I know how to win this this is
how you win some of the arguments roll
the clip where I tell you how to win the
arguments think
does that answer your question why and
that's how it was so from free on why
weren't you in yesterday I was new no
you were ill way you but why didn't you
call him mad because I was too ill to
don't shout at me for why not I'm the
teacher what you're not the teacher I'm
the teacher well what are you doing how
are you doing this what's going on why
don't I sign push what what what why do
I sound like this why do I sound like
you why do I sound like him why do I
sound like the student oh for God's sake
find out the square root of the della
why are you daydreaming um uh right okay
and I'm not the only one everyone here
around the class would agree with me yes
this is the third time you've been
daydreaming i'm going to give you a
detention now wait i don't care you're
getting a detention wait right you wanna
know why I was daydreaming mm-hmm
yes I was thinking about how I could
take your organs and take them and sorry
mmm how I could take them and and cook
them for dinner oh yeah um Oh No look at
the time I don't even have a watch on oh
wow oh I that's okies just gone out that
that's a perfectly acceptable you won't
get a detention don't worry yeah George
of just got your homework right here so
it's all right Tala yeah I didn't
receive your homework oh sorry sir I I
don't have it oh you don't have it do
you
did your dog eat it
no not again look I can't now that is
how you win the arguments my name is
Quintana and I'm signing out by